Add security policy and reporting instructions (#49)
eurosky-social/eurosky-portal: SECURITY.md

# Security Policy

## Supported Versions

> This project is currently unsupported with any LTS policy.

Author: ```suggestion
This project is currently does not have an LTS policy, only the latest version of `main` or the latest docker images are supported.
```
